my dear looked at me says so you
Will you work with me for yourself?
and I won and then my first
the annual 9- panel radio
named friend traffic here in the program
of the leaders led by the moment and echo
between 10 months
the player did not want to start 2007
if you pay homage it's you, my father
make an invitation I'm very honored
with that I would very much like that later
You came to work here on vacation.
with us our chip
You're the way I want, I 'll sing.
with 31
Look, I'm very much touched.
affection
Do you know me? I already received many
affectionate proof of friendship but has
things we can not handle
one of things seated logic you
in the hotel I am the spectacle is
story of the Italian who went to watch a
football game for the first time
meanwhile we try to justify
food stands enough to stand on the
that this story of being told ipê ie
Two days ago he was crazy about football and
did not know the son had bought the
entry is enough, but there was a bad
creation and father forbid her football
the boy cried wanted but gained entrance
in Asia in josep I ripped I'll watch
to this crap and went to watch the game
returned home called his son son in
gum does not like that crap not who
What do you think is funny here and see?
I could get more screaming at home I did not
I left
the first thing they did when they
arrive were the offices run in
khan battle
Everyone was fighting with settlers.
piece filling and stand looking through a
beautiful green pasture but no object of
a vacancy in
and keep them from fooling Mary.
team because I did not come to the navy
to see if it rains grass team others
Botafogo Botafogo will set fire to
wave on grass on grass does not pick up new
then the 28 she in the gross grottoes of
short pants scattered over there on google
and in the midst of them cometh a little child
dressed in black should be in mourning
the whistle in the mouth assembling a band
disgrace
then he called everyone in the middle of the
and started talking to them.
softly that the page again on the island
until the feminine there was everyone
uncertainly between a comrade with the
band had in his hand a ball in the other era
the game owner
put the ball in the middle of the field the subject
to depredate a whistle and the guy who is to
to face the ball run off like a
beast
And he did not like his love for her .
back to the island will not be too soft
He called marina and is this agony
catching back on the washboard
here in the summer because you're going to send a ball
for horse and mine opens a clown xuxu
true father we would stay in three
Pieces of peace in a pat boone everybody
fighting in the middle of the road will be lonely
look key the arrival of the bar girl
accused everyone we kicked p- strange map
all
and he should have some kinship with
that guy in black that he was the only one
that the car of Pedro was missing the ball
where today one facing the mouth and
when the scolding does not even
hit the ball at the bottom of the net
Everyone shouted there was no seabra.
I caught the furor and the guys by my side
aiming at chicken and the
appeared 45 minutes still scattered
decorating to pay you after the good there
the subject victimize a pizza and
big study to take the store brings 10
to whom it thousand and band officer
and we're waiting to eat popcorn
it was the inversmeno did not expect
then everything comes back down low
hitting the bay the buoy should not have
been good
this time there must have been someone very
important and did not like jô sent him
picchu again at 45 minutes guaru
we pay a buck video habits
nervous they only switched sides that also
taught to be london minutes too
Thank you one more ball, fight the time.
all because of the bolshoi do not let the
ball
I went there to catch the ball take me
player
ae
This year is going to be wonderful.
we are starting thing but it keeps the
failure but it 's just
but Thursday we will be back
again here of my old man who does not
you all over Brazil because this
northernmost is also very new.